wk5/ex39/ex39.md, before:

## Bullet 1

### Commands
```
g++-8 -Wall -std=c++2a -c main.cc                    (to create an object file)
cd data                             (or to the directory where your data.h and functions are located)
g++-8 -Wall -std=c++2a -c display.cc read.cc         (to compile those files)
ar rvs libdata.a display.o read.o   (to create library)
mv libdata.a ..                     (move the library to where main.o is located)
cd ..
g++-8 main.o libdata.a              (to link object file to library)
```

## Bullet 2
We get a segfault.


## Bullet 3
In `data.h` we add a declaration of `class DataImp` to let the compiler know that the pointer to the implementation object can exist. We also add a constructor to the `Data` class. This constructor is empty except for the member initialization list in which we initialize the `d_pimpl` member, which is the pointer to the implementation object.
We changed the member functions of `Data` to use the `d_pimpl` pointer. And copied the implementation to the `DataImp` class.

### Commands
```
g++-8 -Wall -std=c++2a -c main.cc
cd data                  
g++-8 -Wall -std=c++2a -c display.cc displayimp.cc read.cc readimp.cc data1.cc        
ar rvs libdata.a display.o displayimp.o read.o readimp.o data1.o  
mv libdata.a ..             
cd ..
g++-8 main.o libdata.a 
```

Commit message:

text is different in the latex file

wk5/ex39/ex39.md, after:

## Bullet 1

### Commands
```
g++-8 -Wall -std=c++2a -c main.cc                    (to create an object file)
cd data                             (or to the directory where your data.h and functions are located)
g++-8 -Wall -std=c++2a -c display.cc read.cc         (to compile those files)
ar rvs libdata.a display.o read.o   (to create library)
mv libdata.a ..                     (move the library to where main.o is located)
cd ..
g++-8 main.o libdata.a              (to link object file to library)
```

## Bullet 2
Linking the new library with our old `main.o` file goes well. But when we try to run the resulting program we get a segfault.

## Bullet 3
In `data.h` we add a declaration of `class DataImp` to let the compiler know that the pointer to the implementation object can exist. We also add a constructor to the `Data` class. This constructor is empty except for the member initialization list in which we initialize the `d_pimpl` member, which is the pointer to the implementation object.
We changed the member functions of `Data` to use the `d_pimpl` pointer. And copied the implementation to the `DataImp` class and its members.

### Commands
```
g++-8 -Wall -std=c++2a -c main.cc
cd data                  
g++-8 -Wall -std=c++2a -c display.cc displayimp.cc read.cc readimp.cc data1.cc        
ar rvs libdata.a display.o displayimp.o read.o readimp.o data1.o  
mv libdata.a ..             
cd ..
g++-8 main.o libdata.a 
```
