### Bullet 1
Take a look at: [https://wiki.qt.io/D-Pointer]()

The program breaks because of a mismatch between the size of the object at compile-time and at run-time.

By adding a data member, `d_text`, we changed the size of the `Data` object. This is important as the compiler, when generating code doesnt use names of objects to access them, but rather uses offsets in memory.
This means that when the compiler produced the object code for `main.cc` it used a certain offset to specify where the `Data` object was located in memory (and hence where the data members of the `Data` object were). Changing the size of the `Data` object, by adding the `d_text` member to the class, had the effect of changing the offset at which data members are located.

Say when compiling `main.cc` the compiler set `d_value` to be addressed at offset *d*, then after adding the `d_text` data member, the actual offset of `d_value` would be *d + sizeof(std::string)*. So when the program is run, it tries to access memory for which it (maybe) doesnt have access to. This results in a segfault. 

### Bullet 2
A pointer has a fixed size, hence from the programs point of view the size of the object doesnt change. The program doesnt even know about the size of the object.

As long as we dont change the signatures of the existing member functions in out `Data` class, we can add as much as we want to our `DataImp` class and the old object file can still be run with the new library.

### Bullet 3
We know that we can add, without breaking binary compatibilty, classes and static data members to our library. So we could create a POD class which contains the new data members, and add a static array of pointers to objects of that class.
Note this would mean that each object has access to a portion of data of every other object, which seems even worse than having an ABI breakage.